so did it swerve then that free kick or
did it go straight I'm obviously I'm
going to say it so i have now I've been
through the lads we always stay after
and trying you know practice free kicks
and this one's paid off you know taking
a few there's something been on target
and you know that unlike anyone in want
to accrington stunned the keepers
fingers did and people be waiting for
you to crush 1 inch instead yeah I've
been waking myself of there speaking
about Leo I me wanting to school now a
few more goals and you know got to and
free gains hopefully I get a few more
now how hard was Monday after Saturday
with over the quick turn round and the
fact that Southland really pushed you
after you got tuna long and yeah
definitely obviously it was a great
start going to nap but obviously when
you got a tuna lead so early on you seem
to think it's naturally to tend to may
not sit think the games in the bag but
and it got a comfortable lead you may
take your foot off the gas a bit but and
I think credit to them they did
obviously seemed to fry the kitchen sink
us and now if we handle them well and
you know got the free point which is you
know fully deserves consider him the
games that we add to the lead and no not
held on that one I think you know we
deserve considering all the games before
that well that's just gonna have to
train so what are you doing say passing
and possession and that's that's that's
a 60-percent of winning the game is not
actually keeping the ball and making
sure that the opposition have to work
hard to get it back yeah obviously one
year and the more you've got the bore
the less you defend and unless you
defend the list like you're gonna
concede goals so especially in you know
our team I think that's you know majorly
important you know the way we pass the
ball the way we keep it is a big part of
our game Northampton at home they played
of thick end of an hour with ten men you
have to work hard to break them down
junior got the goal in the end better
does that give you a steers to have
difficult shot he's gonna be yeah well I
do not so the whole game with a bench
but um you know the lad set to work hard
for it you know especially with
10 min and they proved to know that
they're good tough no make it hard for
us to play so I'm definitely be hard
especially away from home but our
waveform have seen the picked up solely
we can carry on or four wins already
away from home that says that UK you can
go to places and chisel out results oh
yeah when I first came it seemed to know
that the home form was great but they're
waveform was not as good but we seem to
have turned that around now so look if
we pick points up at home and then
obviously picking good point stuff away
you know leaves us in good stead there
has been some talk in the media about
your position up portion has come out
from the Portsmouth end what's what's
your contract position at Pompey and
what's your understanding of the
situation isn't at the moment oh I only
signed a one-year contract at the end of
last year and no I got offered to but
you know any ended up so no one and I've
only read the pay for myself when he
spoke to a few you know members at the
club they've not really filled me and
I've only like you know something come
from the paper and I've only read so um
you know I just have to wait you see
what happens I just want to be playing
in play as many games as I can and just
went to see at the end of the season
it's gotta come from the horse's mouth
from steivers Nick oh yeah definitely
you know be a just give me a phone call
and then tell me what's evident really
but you know I'm just going to
concentrate on playing it it's this as
enjoyable as spell as you've had playing
anyway yeah yeah I said the other day is
probably the happiest I've been and now
getting a good one inside no and playing
okay like consistently as a team
individual so I'm yeah definitely i'm
enjoying it
do I think thank you just model things
are sort of kicked off you since up
north up to the home game hey Cynthia
Bradford away i think was just after
that and that's when you really came in
a major marking you from the pantry that
backside yeah i've i've said it numerous
times how much you know it's those four
straight and being on the bench like
it's for any other player and especially
for me coming in wanting to play coming
online and i was the spending time on
the benches you know not ideal but you
know i want to diplay i know me as soon
as I'd like get along the side I don't
Felicia show you know my capabilities as
a player and what I could bring to the
children's life yeah I know 30 days you
I'm spoken to the contrary effort if you
are if you do find yourself rage at the
end of the season you think and move
here can possible yeah you know i'll
keep my um my options open for anything
like I said you know our money I'm only
19 are paid and number of games now so
hopefully I'd have you no good options
coming into the summer if it don't work
out of Fort Worth yeah then knowing a
club and enjoy it knowing that you can
join yourself like lovely i can go a
long way towards attracting you yeah
obviously it does up when your arm when
you've been a club you know you know
I've gone at the club and especially the
way it's going it's been like a good
spell so you ever see that does you know
keeping your head and
I yeah but you've had a brief taste of
the first thing football championship
club you know I'm sure there's gonna be
other clubs around thinking maybe you
could play at higher level do this yeah
obviously I want to be as you know
ambitious as I possibly can and I want
to play as hard as I can so see it
depends like I said weapon to me and
know who's interested or how the season
goes but I said what my main aim is just
to be playing games and they do well for
chatting and hopefully chapter and do
well as well so then you know see it in
the decision yet having the amount of
games you've gotten to see Venus that's
not bad for a 19 year old early yeah
yeah i turn 20 and march and hopefully
by end of the season kick on with a few
more and like i said it'll be good for
my cv you know no matter offens if you
think your goals i know one of those r
ich8 but you get into more attacking
positions that is that coincidence about
this since Michael P came against the
side um yeah well it I don't think it's
no finish a birdie being out the side or
I just seem to fall in the right place
of me I've been trying that you know my
set pieces and whatnot but I've just
been in like the right place at the
right time especially in the bradford
game and then no the freaking then when
they get self-ins but hopefully like i
said i don't get a few more goals to see
them yep did you enjoy getting up and
down or do you prefer when it saw
sitting and spraying around the
publishers I fingers a it's a very
variation of the boeuf really i like
when I've got possession I like
obviously getting on the ball you know
whether it is depot in advanced position
but now I like to start enough play but
obviously the score guys you gotta be
further up the pitch show it's probably
a you know a variation of the two yep